docs: improve documentation (#272)
asyncapi/modelina: docs/input_processing.md

# Input process

The [InputProcessor](../src/processors/InputProcessor.ts) is our main point of entry for processing input data. It uses the defined input processors (`AsyncAPIInputProcessor`, `JsonSchemaInputProcessor`, ...) by first calling `shouldProcess` function for each input processor to figure out if the input data should be processed by the respective processor. If it should the `process` function is then called. It uses a first-come, first-serve principle, where the first processor that accepts the input process's it. If no processor accepts the input it defaults to `JsonSchemaInputProcessor`. 

The `process` function are expected to return `CommonInputModel` which is a wrapper for the core data representation of `CommonModel`. This is done to ensure we can return multiple models for any input to allow for references, inheritance etc. 

> As said the core internal representation of a data model is `CommonModel`. It contains the data definition by using known keywords from JSON Schema, but instead of it representing a validation rules it represents the data definition for the model. The explanation for the `CommonModel` properties can be found [here](../API.md##CommonModel).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As said the core internal representation of a data model is `CommonModel`. It contains the data definition by using known keywords from JSON Schema, but instead of it representing a validation rules it represents the data definition for the model. The explanation for the `CommonModel` properties can be found [here](../API.md#CommonModel).
```

Duplicated `#` and due to this link doesn't work.

Author: Hmm.... It was actually deliberate since I wanted it to link to the model itself, not sure why it is not working now...

Reviewer: For me it's not working 😄

# Input process

> The [InputProcessor](../src/processors/InputProcessor.ts) is our main point of entry for processing input data. It uses the defined input processors (`AsyncAPIInputProcessor`, `JsonSchemaInputProcessor`, ...) by first calling `shouldProcess` function for each input processor to figure out if the input data should be processed. Once a processor have been found it 

Reviewer: `...Once a processor have been found it` what then? 😄

Author: thaaats a good question 😆

If no processes returns true it defaults to `JsonSchemaInputProcessor`. 

The `process` function are expected to return `CommonInputModel` which is a wrapper for the core data representation of `CommonModel`. 

This is done to ensure we can return multiple models for any input to allow for references, inheritance etc. 

> As said the core internal representation of a data model is `CommonModel`. This contains the data definition by using known keywords from JSON Schema, but instead of it representing a validation rules it represent data definition. The explanation for the `CommonModel` properties can be found [here](../API.md##CommonModel).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As said the core internal representation of a data model is `CommonModel`. It contains the data definition by using known keywords from JSON Schema, but instead of it representing a validation rules it represents data definition. The explanation for the `CommonModel` properties can be found [here](../API.md##CommonModel).
```

I'm not sure with `represents`
